Now that we have a bunch of Git knowledge under our belt,
let's look at where we'll be storing our code.
We'll be putting it in different repository hosting tools.
Now, depending on your organization, you might be using something like GitHub,
GitLab, or Bitbucket,
depending on what sort of features you want to use and if your
organization is already working with these.
For our purposes, we'll be focused exclusively on the equivalent in AWS,
AWS CodeCommit.
What are some of the benefits we'll get by working with
CodeCommit or other repository hosting providers?
Well, they'll be managing the infrastructure that actually hosts our code.
They'll also allow us to do things like user and team management and assign
permissions to the different users in our organizations.
Now, in addition to all of these benefits,
we can use them to integrate continuous integration and
continuous delivery or deployment tooling and different
testing workflows inside of that,
and we'll be able to do code reviews and pull request approval
workflows that allow multiple developers to collaborate on the
same repositories at the same time.
So when we're working with AWS CodeCommit specifically,
there's a few different actions we need to take to get it set up.
The first is an AWS admin.
We'll need to go in and create a repository inside of CodeCommit.
We'll also need to add a user that has permissions to
access that CodeCommit repository, for example,
a particular developer under their developer name in AWS.
Then that user that has permissions to access the repository will have to take
some actions of their own. They'll have to log into AWS and generate their own
CodeCommit credentials so that they can access this repo and make sure that they
have their code attributed to their user.
Then they'll be able to save those credentials to their local
machines and use the credentials to go and grab the CodeCommit repo
to their local development environment.
From there,
they'll work with that repository using some of the Git workflows that
we discussed earlier, in our cases, GitHub flow.
So let's jump into a demo where we'll be taking all these actions inside of AWS ourselves.